Paid internship at Yandex 
I want to go to Yandex Internships Events Educational projects Olympiads Ambassadors CodeRun Yandex Cup I want to go to Yandex I want to go to Yandex Internships Events Educational projects Olympiads Ambassadors CodeRun Yandex Cup I want to go to Yandex 
Young&&Yandex Every fourth developer at Yandex started his career with an internship internship at Yandex Internship in Yandex services 90+ services with millions of users. Try new things, do what you like, and grow together with Yandex, Develop services or launch new ones. What about after the internship? A mutual match will happen — stay and make products that you want to use and share with friends Development Data analysis Information security Testing Management in IT Business The set is open Backend Deal with infrastructure and product tasks of loaded systems The set is open Frontend Improve service interfaces, by joining one of the frontend teams at Yandex, the set is open for Mobile development, Participate in the creation of Android and iOS applications for Yandex products, the set is open for DevOps, Master the tools for creating fault‑tolerant distributed systems That await interns Real tasks Search for solutions for services that are really useful to many. It's difficult and interesting. Support and mentor Every intern has a mentor. He helps to grow and supports Top experts Internship surrounded by leaders of the IT industry Networking Useful acquaintances and new career development opportunities A convenient start By the way, the internship is paid! Do an internship and combine 3, 4 or 6 months of 40, 30 or 20 hours a week. An intern is a Yandex.Paycheck, an entry into the labor force. We give out a laptop and invite the best Offer to parties, we invite you to work immediately or offer a deferred offer, we will pay for travel and accommodation, we will bring you to Moscow and settle in a "smart" IT community I want to contact you The stages of selection for an internship are slightly different depending on the direction, but in most cases these are four simple steps Fill out the questionnaire Perform a test interview Select a team What Ivan Gulevsky Android developer says about us in Alice Internship at Yandex — one of the highlights of this year is Anya Ropai, a developer in the Search team. Thanks to the skills I gained after my internship, I joined the staff of Albert Nazaretyan SRE, an engineer of the banner ad engine, It's cool to understand that your work affects one of the largest Yandex services Interns work in almost every Yandex service: from internal projects to services with a multimillion-dollar We made a film about an internship at Yandex. We made a film about an internship at Yandex. Start an internship at Young&&Yandex To get an internship, you need to apply and take a test. But first, to decide on the direction of backend devops ml testing devops ml backend devops ml testing devops ml I want to you I want to Yandex Internships Events Educational projects Olympics Ambassadors CodeRun Yandex Cup I want to Yandex I want to Yandex Internships Events Educational projects Olympics Ambassadors CodeRun Yandex Cup I want to Yandex FAQ Will I be paid a salary? Of course — to you and all other participants of the program. In which cities can I train? Internships can be completed at Yandex offices in Moscow, St. Petersburg‑St. Petersburg, Yekaterinburg, Sochi, Novosibirsk and Nizhny Novgorod.

We will pay for tickets and accommodation in Moscow for candidates from other cities. I can't do anything yet, but I want to learn, will you take me? We consider the internship as an opportunity to show our knowledge and develop new skills, but not to learn everything from scratch. Therefore, we expect that you already have everything you need to start your career. Is it possible to do an internship remotely? Probably not. You will have to personally communicate with the team, mentor and supervisor in order to adapt to new tasks faster. Sometimes the internship takes place in a hybrid format, in exceptional cases, the teams are ready to take the intern on a "remote trip".

If there is no Yandex office in your city, you can come to Moscow for an internship. Travel and accommodation for the duration of the internship are at the expense of the company. Will I be able to combine study and internship? Yes, Yandex has a flexible schedule. However, the internship takes place on weekdays during business hours. How long does the internship last? From three to six months — we will coordinate with you at the very beginning its duration and work schedule (from 20 to 40 hours per week). What will happen when the internship ends? If you prove yourself well, you can continue to work with us. More than 50% of interns become full-time employees of Yandex. 
If there is a vacancy, you can stay in the same team in which you completed the internship. If there are no open positions, you will be offered another team. 
If you are ready to be transferred to the staff, but you cannot work full—time, you will receive a deferred offer. This is a certificate that allows you to return to Yandex for a shortened selection. When does the internship recruitment end? The internship takes place all year round, so you can apply at any time. We will be in touch Subscribe to the newsletter 
Only useful emails from the Young&&Yandex team 
Join the telegram channel 
All about internships at Yandex and getting started in IT 
Write if you have any questions: intern@yandex-team.ru The offer of an internship, its terms and the amount of remuneration are determined based on the results of the interview and the completion of test tasks by the candidate. The candidate is not guaranteed employment and remuneration compliance with his expectations.